[Music]
families pay attention to this bombshell okay it's
a bombshell that we had exclusively
as it could not be otherwise here on
tele salseo Many thanks to Carito for
taking the clip and sharing it on her
Twitter account family if you want to see the
full chat we had with
Jesús Manuel Ruiz I invite you to look for it
on my channel it's already the second okay And it will
surely be the second and there will be a
third fourth fifth and as many times as
he feels like a brutal exclusive
that we have for this channel Antonio
David did know Antonio David did
know about the existence of a
relationship between Olga Moreno and Agustín
okay therefore
the conclusion the conclusion is that it is
very difficult that Rocío Flores did not
know now well Now well I'm
telling you after listening to it let's
listen to it
yes So the director of mathematics
me yo Flores I cannot confirm if he
knew the relationship between Agustín and
Olga Moreno different antenna did know
the relationship
I am very surprised that he does not know his
daughter There he goes
I knew that for example kabustin it
had been like three or four months that no
that he did not have I did not expect  I didn't expect this cry
from carito
with Antonio David that
's what I am saying what
I take away from the relationship between Agustín inside
David
Flores they knew about Agustín's relationship
yes they surprise me that today
Rocío Flores of course
keep the secret a pact between high
David and Olga so that it doesn't come out and that both of them
since they both
have something in common which is a daughter they
both benefit financially because
at the same time they benefit from what they have in common
Yes let's see I understand that they don't say it
publicly here
I would add something to what
Jesús Manuel is saying a question okay let's see what
you guys think okay okay not to
tell it publicly to be able to
sell it exclusively it's more than logical no
I mean I think that Antonio David and Olga
Moreno today I don't know I imagine that there will
be some differences but
we can calmly say that still
both and I hope it will be for a long time I
hope it will be forever In fact they
don't keep enough respect for
each other love to burst and they wouldn't
betray each other when it comes to telling their
personal secrets of course okay  I
noticed on Antonio David's face because I
know him I don't think I know him anymore I've been
following him for a while and I noticed that
when they interviewed him at that
Starlight event not in which he says Ah well I didn't know I didn't know
obviously if
he knows no but here what I
ask myself the doubt that comes to me to see
what to say You family is Then
why would Rocío Flores have a tension
with Olga and I have a theory I can I can I can I can I can
be right or
not I still think that the anger comes
from the relationship with Agustín because they haven't
told her but what
could happen is that Rocío Flores did
know and that she found out from her father it
surprises me a lot That her father
hid it from her especially after what
happened with Marta Riesgo and so on no
and that Rocío Flores was left waiting
to see if Olga also told him and
what happened is that Olga didn't
tell him is a theory okay or I mean it would
fit but I can't confirm it
because the truth is I don't know and I don't believe
that you're going to see it Never 100%.  But
hey family, here's this click. I
recommend you watch the entire talk.
I send you a huge hug, of course, and
until the next video.
[Music]